So now to add Google Authentication, first of all we will do one thing that we will clear all these things before app.js.
So we will go to app.js and these are some things that we remove.
Now after this, here are some things imported like app.css and these things which are not necessary, we remove them too.
And this is already a state, we remove it too.
Okay.
Now here you have to install one thing which is react-router-dom.
Now what is react-router basically?
So what is react-router?
Suppose for some reason we go to our web page and our web page is like this.
For example localhost or 127 and colon 5173.
So this is basically the URL of our website.
Now any user will come.
So if we want to send it to our login page.
So you must have seen in websites that if someone goes to the login page, then he comes after logging in.
So he comes to the login page.
And otherwise if someone goes to the form page for example, then he will come after forward slash.
So he will go to the form page.
Someone has to search for someone's portfolio.
So he will write slash and write John.
So if he writes like this, then he should see the portfolio of a person named John Doe.
So here the route, the changes that are happening, the routes.
You must be able to understand the meaning of route.
Path. Basically the different paths.
How do we decide that when someone goes here, then something like this should open.
When someone goes to login, then the login page should be visible.
When someone goes to John Doe slash about, then the user's about page should come.
We have to check these things.
How will we do this?
We will check with the help of react-router-dom.
So what do we do for this?
First of all, we will go to our terminal.
And we will go to our command prompt.
So this is our command prompt.
We will stop the server for a while.
Or it is better to stop the server again and again.
Let's open a new window in it.
And we go to this.
Cd space desktop slash portfolio builder.
And here we go and install.
So npm install.
Then you will click react-router-dom.
And if we enter, then this utility package will be installed.
We will clear this.
And after that we will go to our VS code.
So we have come to our VS code.
And now what you have to do is you have to import it.
So what will you write to import?
To import, you have to write here.
Yes, yes.
Import routes from react-router-dom.
Now what is this?
See.
So you define your routes in this component named routes.
You will understand this thing now.
Before that, we do one more thing.
We go to our main.jsx.
And after going to main.jsx,
here we have some things that we have to import here.
Like here you have to import by doing react-dom.
It is already imported.
After this, you have to write router here.
You will write router on the app.
And before that, I will select it here as jsx.
Okay.
By doing router.
And here we will cut it and put it below it.
And we will do something like this on router and import it.
How did I import?
I selected router.
I pressed control and space.
And then I hit enter.
So it was imported.
Okay.
So whatever things are there in the router,
we can use our react-router-dom in it.
So this thing is necessary to use react-router-dom.
So we have put it outside the app.
That is, we can use the router-dom in the app.
Okay.
So what do we do now?
Now let's go to our app.jsx.
And in app.jsx, our things,
that is, the things that we have imported by doing routes and routes,
we will now use it here.
So now let's come here.
And first of all,
here we will write routes.
Routes.
Hit enter.
And in these routes,
we will write different routes.
For example,
if we write
route.
And after that,
this is our,
basically our component.
So it is self-closing.
So we remove it.
And do something like this.
Okay.
Now here you will write first,
path.
Now you will write path forward slash.
Then after that,
you will go here and write element.
And here you will put any element.
For example,
here we make an element.
Element is basically a component.
So let's do one thing in the souls folder.
Let's make another folder of our component.
Component.
By doing components.
And in this component,
let's do one thing.
Here we make our,
here we put our,
assets also in this component.
And after that,
what we do is that,
what we make in our component.
What we make in the component is that,
we start making files in the component.
Like what will be our files in the component.
One will be main.jsx.
In which we can show our form.
Portfolio form.
Right.
After that,
one will be login.jsx.
In which our,
which is,
login page basically.
We will be able to show that.
After that,
we create another component.
Which we name it.
About.jsx.
So in this,
we will be able to show the about of the user.
We create a different component.
Which we name it.
Our contact.jsx.
And after that,
for now,
we create the same components.
Go to main.jsx.
Write rafc.
And here the shortcut component is prepared.
Here we write.
This is,
main.
Okay.
Now what will we do?
Here we will write as main.
For the main component.
Okay.
Then what did I do here?
Once we understand it properly.
What did I do?
That we used react-router-dom here.
Now what does react-router-dom do?
I have told you that it decides the path.
Where what will be shown.
So in app.js,
first we went to main.js.
And there we have configured it.
We have configured it by doing router-router.
Here we have written router.
So now the app is configured.
Now we can use router-dom in it.
We can use the routes.
Now we went to our app.js.
And we have put a tag here by doing routes.
In between that,
we have put the route.
Now what do we do?
Whatever things are there in the routes,
they decide the path.
For example,
you wrote forward slash.
So what will forward slash do?
As soon as any user goes to forward slash,
of the site.
Suppose,
any user goes forward slash.
Means,
as soon as the site opens,
he will see the main page rendered first.
Okay.
And for example,
as soon as any user goes to login,
slash login,
he will see the login page rendered.
So that means,
you decide here,
where what things should be seen.
So for example,
we add one thing to our login page,
by doing rafc.
And here we write,
this is login page.
After this,
we have to do one more thing.
That is,
we go to our main.jsx.
And here,
we had imported the router by mistake.
So,
what happens is,
it gives you an error.
Means,
if you go to your path,
slash login,
then you don't get that path.
So,
you have to import something like this.
that router,
you have to import it directly like a router.
Browser router,
has to be imported as a router.
Okay.
So,
what happens is,
your router gets imported.
Now,
what do we do?
Let's see,
whether our path is working or not.
So,
first,
we imported here.
After importing,
what did we do?
We went to our app.js.
And after going to this,
we used our component named routes.
In that,
we rendered these two routes.
Means,
if someone goes to forward slash,
then he sees this page.
If someone goes to slash login,
Now,
we go to our website.
So,
we open our chrome.
And see,
as soon as I opened chrome,
as soon as the user came to forward slash,
means,
the default URL is forward slash.
So,
as soon as the user came to the main page,
this thing came to the main page.
So,
as soon as the user goes to login,
see,
this thing came to the login page.
So,
how did this happen?
The router we made,
the routes we made,
because of that,
this thing happened.
So,
I hope you understood this thing,
how it happened.
And,
even if it is not clear,
there is no need to worry.
Because,
as we progress,
everything will be clear to you.
One by one,